=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

zutty - Efficient full-featured X11 terminal emulator

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This manual page documents briefly the B<zutty> program.

This manual page was written for the Debian™ distribution because the
original program does not have a manual page.

B<zutty> is a terminal emulator for the X Window System, functionally
similar to several other X terminal emulators such as xterm, rxvt and
more. It is also similar to other, much more modern, GPU-accelerated
terminal emulators.

=head1 SYNOPSYS

B<zutty> [options] [shell]

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item -altScroll

Alternate scroll mode.

=item -autoCopy

Sync primary to clipboard.

=item -bg I<color>

Set background color (default: #000).

=item -boldColors

Enable bright for bold.

=item -border I<pixels>

Border width in pixels (default: 2).

=item -cr I<color>

Cursor color.

=item -display I<display>

Display to connect to.

=item -dwfont I<font>

Double-width font to use (default: 18x18ja).

=item -fg I<color>

Foreground color (default: #fff).

=item -font I<font>

Font to use (default: 9x18).

=item -fontsize I<size>

Font size (default: 16).

=item -fontpath I<path>

Font search path (default: /usr/share/fonts).

=item -geometry I<WidthxHeight>

Terminal size in chars (default: 80x24).

=item -glinfo

Print OpenGL information.

=item -help

Print usage listing and quit.

=item -listres

Print resource listing and quit.

=item -login

Start shell as a login shell.

=item -name I<name>

Instance name for Xrdb and WM_CLASS.

=item -rv

Reverse video.

=item -saveLines I<number>

Lines of scrollback history (default: 500).

=item -shell I<filename>

Shell program to run.

=item -showWraps

Show wrap marks at right margin.

=item -title I<title>

Window title (default: Zutty).

=item -quiet

Silence logging output.

=item -verbose

Output info messages.

=item -e I<command>

Command line to run.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<X>(1).

=head1 AUTHORS

=over

=item Tom Szilagyi

Wrote the B<zutty> program.

=item Ricardo Mones <mones@debian.org>

Wrote this manpage for the Debian system.

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright © 2021-2022 Ricardo Mones

This manual page was written for the Debian™ system (but may be used by
others).

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 or (at your
option) any later version published by the Free Software Foundation.

On Debian™ systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public License
can be found in F</usr/share/common-licenses/GPL>.

=cut
